feat(Styles): Port SCSS utilities to TS (#904)
Codecademy/client-modules: packages/styleguide/stories/Core/Foundations/Utilities/Utilities.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Canvas, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/dist/blocks';
import { StoryStatus } from '~styleguide/Blocks';
import styled from '@emotion/styled';
import { boxShadow } from '@codecademy/gamut-styles';

<Meta title="Foundations/Utilities" component="Utilities" />

# Utilities

<StoryStatus status="volatile" />

## Converting Units

### PX to REM

In order to keep consistent sizing we like to use `rem` units for most things (within reason).

> Many times when a specific REM values is not expressive like `1.875rem` or `30px` (relative to our base of 16)
> it is better to express this as a pixel value that is closer to a round number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many times when a specific REM values is not expressive like `1.875rem` 
it is better to express this as a pixel value (in this case, `30px`) that is closer to a round number.
```

You can do this by using our px => rem utility in both TS and SCSS.

#### TS - `pxRem`

```tsx
import { pxRem } from '@codecadem/gamut-styles';

pxRem(16); // => 1rem;
pxRem('30px'); // => 1.875rem;
```

#### SCSS - `px-rem`

```scss
@import '@codecademy/gamut-styles/utils';

.heading {
  font-size: px-rem(30);
}
```

## Style Mixins

We also support various style partials to help you consistently achieve affects, like box shadows and screen reader content.

### Box Shadow

> We have 5 depths of box shadows that we use.

Reviewer: this seems like an opportunity to share any guidelines design uses for when to use types of shadows.

Reviewer: also maybe less relevant in the new design system?

export const Box = styled.div`
  display: inline-flex;
  align-items: center;
  justify-content: center;
  padding: 20px;
  ${({ shadow }) => shadow}
`;

<Canvas column={5} withSource="none">
  <Box shadow={boxShadow(1)}>1</Box>
  <Box shadow={boxShadow(2)}>2</Box>
  <Box shadow={boxShadow(3)}>3</Box>
  <Box shadow={boxShadow(4)}>4</Box>
  <Box shadow={boxShadow(5)}>5</Box>
</Canvas>

#### TS - `boxShadow`

```tsx
import { boxShadow } from '@codecadem/gamut-styles';

const Example = `
  ${boxShadow(3)}
`;
```

#### SCSS - `box-shadow`

```scss
@import '@codecademy/gamut-styles/utils';

.box {
  @include box-shadow(3);
}
```

### `fontSmoothing`

> In some cases we may want to toggle font smoothing.

Reviewer: are there examples in our code where we do enable font smoothing? I'm not confident when I would use this option at Codecademy.

#### TS - `fontSmoothing`

```tsx
import { fontSmoothing } from '@codecadem/gamut-styles';

const Smooth = `
  ${fontSmoothing()}
`;

const Smooth = `
  ${fontSmoothing(false)}
`;
```

#### SCSS - `font-smoothing`

```scss
@import '@codecademy/gamut-styles/utils';

.smoothed {
  @include font-smoothing();
}

.rough {
  @include font-smoothing(false);
}
```

### No Selection

> In cases where we want to prevent the user from selecting an image or

Reviewer: probably want to finish this >.<

#### TS - `noSelect`

```tsx
import { noSelect } from '@codecadem/gamut-styles';

const Unselectable = styled.div`
  ${noSelect}
`;
```

#### SCSS - `no-select`

```scss
@import '@codecademy/gamut-styles/utils';

.unselectable {
  @include font-smoothing();
}
```

### Screen Readers

Ensuring that your content is accessible can require you to make screen reader only text elements.

> We provide a few helpful mixins for use cases where you want the screen reader to be able to focus or

Reviewer: could you add an example of when you may use one of these? (e.g. hidden h1 for context)
